docs: new product messaging for marketing launch (#52319)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/teleport-policy/policy-connections.mdx

Teleport supports [object-level permissions](../../enroll-resources/database-access/rbac.mdx#executing-database-object-permission-rules) for select database protocols.

The database objects-level access information is automatically synchronized to Identity Security, making it possible to see who has particular levels of access to the different parts of the database.

> When you inspect a particular user's access, the Teleport Zero Trust Access Graph will automatically display the database objects that the user can access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you inspect a particular user's access, the Teleport Identity Security Access Graph will automatically display the database objects that the user can access.
```
